# OpendTect-QVel-git
Initial load from working sandbox
Intro
With this open-source plug-in you can build a quick post-stack seismic interval velocity model from T/D curves or Well Markers, Horizons, and optionally merged with Stacking Velocity cubes. The algorithm computes a velocity point from Horizon time values and corresponding depths (from either T/D curves or well markers) for every well/horizon intersection. Working from the top down, the algorithm grids all of these calculated velocity values layer-by-layer to generate a velocity field between adjacent time horizons. If a horizon is incomplete anywhere, the previous horizon is used to define the top of the interval. The algorithm is well-behaved with horizon pinch-outs and "zero thickness" horizon intervals. The bottom interval below the bottom horizon is simply an extension of the last interval's velocity. If input stacking velocities are used, the average interval velocity for the stacking velocity field is adjusted by the computed interval velocity. In this way stacking velocity character can be preserved (especially away from well control) while at the same time the velocity values from well control are preserved. 
Another method of building a velocity model is to use all of the information in T/D curves, optionally with stratigraphic conformance with input horizons. With no horizons selected the algorithm horizontally grids every z slice using all available T/D curve data. Only 1/r gridding is available with this method. NOTE: this can be quite slow with seismic (< 20ms) z sampling. If horizons are selected as input then the gridding and extrapolation is constrained on an interval-by-interval basis so that horizon structure between wells is preserved in the gridded velocity field.
From the OpendTect menu, select 

Analysis --> QVel Velocity Model Builder
